So one of the main ideas besides the server side rendering of the web which is basically the core thing
next is able to do is the fact that you can configure your entire viewer app and mainly the routing
of your web so the pages you support through folders and files in a normal viewer app you would have
to to find routes in a route conflict that looks something like this.
You have a bunch of javascript objects in an array.
And for each object you have a POV property and to component which should be loaded and you're passing
this to view router the official routing package of view and therefore you can then load DS you or else
so your domain slash nothing slash product slash products and then some dynamic products ID in this
example.
Now with next you can define or create the same structure and the same route can think without routing
such a conflict file.
Instead you create a folder with a file inside of it like for The Root route directly in the page directory.
That's important.
That is where all your routing folders have to live in the page directory.
You don't create a subfolder but just add the indexed on The View file.
The name doesn't matter here it has to be indexed.
And this will then be your starting component for Slash.
Nothing.
For over pauvres you would create some folders with index files in there.
Or you could create for the second route here.
You could also create a product stop view file but I'll come back to that and when to choose which in
a second.
So you create a folder structure that reflects your u r l structure and basically that is pretty straightforward
to think about because your u r l can be seen as a payoff in a nested folder and that's just what you're
creating here.
So let's see this navigation through folders and files in action.
I created a brand new next project in exactly the same way with the same settings as in the first court
martial.
So create next day.
And I therefore have the same starting folder I named this project Naks course but the name is totally
up to you.
I started the development server in the terminal integrated into my ID.
But it's the normal terminal or command prompt here and they get this page on localhost 3000 therefore
now this page is folder is now what's responsible for that.
I already mentioned this in a first course module.
There we have the index view file which holds the code we see on that page here.
Now as I said the naming does matter.
It has to be in the pages folder because that happens next.
These are my well pages of the app and it has to be named index dot view dot view because it's a view
component next polls up on Google so users view components and index because just as we use that index
thought HVM a file on a normal static web server where then the web server also knows that it should
load this file if you navigate to just slash nothing.
Well that's the same here.
The index file is the default file to be loaded if you navigate to something.
Now as I showed you in the first chorus module you can add a second fall on the pages folder which you
could name users view and in that file you simply create a template with a simple output.
The users view for example and design all of a sudden adds this route to your route config.
So behind the scenes a route can conflict like this will now have been created.
You would have one route which has Poth nothing where you load the index files or the component in there
and you got a second.
Now which would be slash users where you load the users start you file so the users component essentially.
So that is what was created behind the scenes you could say and that is why if we save everything we
can go back and we can reach that secte route.
First of all reloading the app to register the new conflict and then entering users and we see the users
view.
Now an alternative would have been to not create this user restart view file but to create a user's
folder.
So I created this new folder and moved that user thought you file in there and name it indexed view.
Now the name is important because as I just said if you navigate to slash some folder or slash nothing
then the index that you follow will be rendered automatically with that set up if you reload as Slash
users page here.
You see it still works and it works exactly the same way as before.
Now what is the difference then which approach should you use.
Well if you use the Folder approach as I use it here in my opinion it becomes a bit easier to read because
you now really have a folder structure just as you can think of your you are l as a full structure where
in the slash user's folder.
And then we can go into the user folder for the ID 1 and so on.
So that is why I would recommend using that folder driven approach with index that you files.
But technically it's also registered as a new route.
If you create a file named differently than indexed view then this file name will be the POF you can
navigate to.
This is the core concept of pages.
You create folders or files.
And with that you create a route conflict behind the scenes.
Now of course we can do a bit more and for example we can also load dynamic parameters like your example
I just mentioned.
Let's say we want to go to slash 1 so to pick the user with the ID 1.
Obviously that's dynamic and we don't want to create a bunch of subfolder.
You're one to free because we couldn't even do that as a developer because we don't know which users
our app will have and yet so dynamic parameters Zaldy support.
We can even nest these.
So a bunch of exciting things we can do.
Let's take a look at these things in the next lecture.